1.Using APScheduler library from python -> schedule fixed daily jobs to extract data from youtube api's

2.In extracting we come across 
   i. search api which gives all relevant results as per the q parameter ( type of videos) has a daily limit of 100 requests, it fetches the result as per the maxResult which we specify 
   ii. video api which gives view statistics (view, like and comment count )per video and has a large limit request ( ~10,000K )
   iii. channel api which gives subscriber count of a particular channel based on id and has a large limit request ( ~10,000K )

3. We are aiming to fetch data on a daily frequency for a particular topic by q (query) parameter to search api which will contain detailed subtopic inclusions OR(|) and subtopic exclusions(-). 
   This api should fetch maximum 40 videos and compute fit check for every video to eliminate 30 other videos and finally keep 10 videos (Eliminating strategy will based on how well a video resembles a topic semantically. 
   The population should also resemble the content distribution well for example 2-3 content from bigger channels 3-4 medium channels and 2-3 small channels ). 
   If the extraction runs on 16th of august, we fetch videos published on Aug 13th only. Clean 24-hour window before 3 days, zero overlap between daily runs. Cases should be handled well when the api doesnt give appropriate responses / noisy data and in such scenarios we can eliminate the population who fail to qualify a particular threshold. 
   Once a particular population is selected the final step is to fetch data from video api and channel api for view,like,comment and subscriber count. Thresholds must not be so strict that i hardly get 2-3 videos. There must be atleast 10-12 videos. Batch API calls for less latency and load.

4. Population fit check for a particular topic can be done by comparing cosine similarities of video embeddings created by one of the sentence transformers. The population should only contain english title and description.

5. After this we can apply Relative bucketing within population to sort the videos by subscriber count, take top quartile as "big", middle 50% as "medium", bottom quartile as "small." This self-adjusts per topic.

4. The last stage of this pipeline should be aggregated data of fittest video population for that particular concept
   - The Signal schema should be as follows
    i. concept name
    ii. proceessed_at (date at which the data was processed for videos published three days earlier)
    iii. view_to_subscriber_reach_ratio (calculate for all 10 individually and then median for aggregation)
    iv. interaction_density (calculate for all 10 individually and then median for aggregation)
    v. keywords (json of all 10 video titles which were considered / thinking this could serve during explainable AI as output)

   formulas derived
   a. Reach ratio which is ( view count / subscribers )/100
   b. interaction density which is ( likes + comments )/view

5. This successfully creates a Time Series Data for a particular concept and we can now find how a concept is performing. 

6. Using PreWhether and PreWhen Algorithmic approaches from research paper "Effectively Predicting Whether and When a Topic Will Become Prevalent in a Social Network"

7. Lastly explaining Why this Concept will become a trend

---
syn db schema
og data db